# Welcome to my Customizable Calculator App!
The purpose of this project is to give professors/instructors complete freedom in making a calculator for each of their courses. Instructors will be able to add their courses and customize what functions are available for each course calculator. Then, they can create a unique link that can be embedded into exams or quizzes for student use. The link will direct students to a login page where they will login with their school ID/number and password. If they haven't already, it will ask them to create an account. The students will then be directed to the calculator page with whatever functions were made available by their instructor.

# Initial Login Page
When you first open the app on localhost, it assumes it is an Instructor login. In the cases where a Student somehow ended up on this part of the app, they won't be able to login with their information. They are only able to access the Student login using the link given by their Instructor. This ensures a Student can't gain Instructor privileges as well as not being able to access other calculators.

# Instructor Sign-up Page
This page will ask for the Instructor's first and last name, email, and password to create an account. Upon creating the account, the Instructor is redirected to the 'Instructor Verification Page'.

# Instructor Verification Page
The whole purpose of this page is to simulate the scenario where someone other than an Instructor tries to create an account. The Instructor would wait to receive a code from the company that owns the application, who checked with the University or School to verify the Instructor's identity. Once the Instructor puts in the code, they will be directed to their 'Courses Page'. If they left the page before verifying, the sign-in page will redirect them back to this page until they verify themselves.

# Courses Page
This is the page an Instructor is directed to after successful login. It will list all of their courses, which each act as a link to their own 'Course Page'. If an Instructor needs to Add a Course, there is a button that will redirect them to the 'Course Creation' page.

# Course Creation Page
This page contains a form that will ask for the name of the Course (i.e. Linear Algebra, Physics 2) and the Course Number (i.e. MATH2270, PHYS2210). As of now, this is all that is required for the Course upon creation. Once the Course is created, it will redirect back to the 'Courses Page' where it is displayed as a card.

# Course Page
This page acts as the 'Edit Calculator Page' for that specific Course. When an Instructor clicks a Course on the 'Courses Page', they are directed to this page. It will list all the possible functions for the calculator as toggleable buttons, which the Instructor can turn on or off. When the Instructor is done customizing the calculator, they can click the 'Generate Link' button which will create a link for Student use. There will also be a 'Delete Course' button, which will create a pop-up asking if the Instructor really wants to delete the Course, to which they can press Yes or No. If yes, they are redirected to the 'Courses Page'.

   ## TODO (Use Professor Ditton's Todo app as a reference on how to do some of this)
      - Style these pages (App.jsx should act as the navbar with the site-wide page header and logout button)
         * Maybe highlight functions that are currently enabled

# Calculator Component
The Calculator uses the 'Math.js' API to calculate input. Using the 'evaluate()' function, incorrect input is already handled. The user can either use the provided buttons or their keyboard, but they can only use the keys shown on the buttons. This prevents Students from being able to just type in a function that isn't allowed. The Calculator also dynamically updates when a FunctionCheckbox component is checked or unchecked. The only issue that remains unresolved is automatically moving the cursor inside the parentheses when a button like 'sin()' or 'sqrt()' is pressed. This is why it shows as 'sin(' or 'sqrt(' and it is up to the user to close the parentheses.

   ## TODO
      - Style the Calculator to make it user-friendly (look at other online calculators)

# Student Login Page
This page looks identical to the Instructor login page, but instead of their email, students login with their Student ID. This is also the page given to the Student from the link that is generated by the Instructor. So, to keep track of the Course the Student got the link from, a cookie is added to the browser with the Course ID. This is also how the application detects if a student tries to access a Calculator from another Course using URI injection.

# Student Sign-up Page
A Student must make an account before using the Calculator their Instuctor provided. The sign-up process is also similar to the Instructor, but once again it requires the Student ID. Along with that, a Student is asked to select which Courses they are a part of. This doesn't necessarily have a purpose at the moment, but simulates similar real-world applications.

# Student Verification Page
Again, exactly the same as the Instructor. A Student is asked to provide a verification code that was 'sent to their email', but in for this application it is just read from the database.

# Student Calculator
Once a Student has logged in or fully signed up, they are redirected to the Calculator page, which is just the Calculator component for the Course attached to the link. Again, the Student shouldn't be able to URI inject into another Calculator because of the cookie created as soon as they clicked the link.

   ## TODO
      - Style these pages

# Known Issues/Bugs
   - If a Student knows the URL of another Course before using the link given by their Instrcutor, they are able to use the other Calculator. In a more advanced application, better link    generation would be implemented to avoid this issue.
   - If the user clicks the 'compute' button on the Calculator then presses the 'delete' button directly after, the expression combines the previous state with the new state. This has something to do with the cursor and where it is after the 'compute' button is pressed. If the user presses 'Enter' or 'Backspace' on their keyboard this issue doesn't appear. This is most likely because the focus is still within the input box, hence the cursor is where it should be.